README.md, before:

# LiveSplit-ASL
Collective repo for all my LiveSplit autosplitters.

## Myst III: Exile
- Starts timer upon starting new game.
- Contains splits for linking to another age, and for triggering ending. Can be indidivually disabled in settings.
- Resets timer upon entering main menu, except after triggering the ending. Can be disabled in settings.

## Myst IV: Revelation
- Starts timer upon loading intro cinematic. Set start timer to -5.2 seconds!
- Contains splits for all age transitions (only those we need for the speedrun), for stepping away from sound panel after Atrus leaves, for stepping away from the third (big) conductor box on the faraway island in Spire, when reaching the old memory chamber's bathysphere, when losing control to the Dream stone in the old memory chamber, and when loading the last node that triggers the ending. All splits can be disabled in settings.
- Resets timer upon entering main menu, except after triggering the ending. Can be disabled in settings.
- Pauses timer when loading new node.

Commit message:

Add individual-level splitters for Myst4.asl

README.md, after:

# LiveSplit-ASL
Collective repo for all my LiveSplit autosplitters.

## Myst III: Exile
- Starts timer upon starting new game.
- Contains full-game splits for linking to another age, and for triggering ending. Can be indidivually disabled in settings.
- Contains individual-level splits for entering and exiting Amateria, Edanna, Voltaic and Narayan.
- Resets timer upon entering main menu, except after triggering the ending. Can be disabled in settings.

## Myst IV: Revelation
- Starts timer upon loading intro cinematic. Set start timer to -5.2 seconds!
- Contains full-game splits for all age transitions (only those we need for the speedrun), for stepping away from sound panel after Atrus leaves, for stepping away from the third (big) conductor box on the faraway island in Spire, when reaching the old memory chamber's bathysphere, when losing control to the Dream stone in the old memory chamber, and when loading the last node that triggers the ending. All splits can be disabled in settings.
- Contains individual-level splits for entering and exiting Haven and Spire, and for entering Serenia and losing control to the Dream stone in the old memory chamber.
- Resets timer upon entering main menu, except after triggering the ending. Can be disabled in settings.
- Pauses timer when loading new node.
